https://www.livemint.com/companies/news/thrasio-sets-aside-3-750-cr-to-acquire-digital-first-brands-in-india-11642160943815.html
₹  Back  Ranjani Raghavan Thrasio aggregates brands on internet marketplaces to build synergies and achieve scale.
 Its successful business model has led to a number of copycat business models raising significant funding from venture capital firms in India       Thrasio Holdings, Inc.
 has taken a majority stake in Hero Group-backed Lifelong Online through which it will acquire "promising, digital-first brands" in India, the company said on Friday.
 The company is making a  ₹3,750 crore commitment to acquire brands in the country, the company added.
 ₹    "In addition to acquiring and growing digital-first businesses, we plan to participate in the ‘Make in India’ movement by transitioning the manufacturing for some of our products to the country," Carlos Cashman, CEO of Thrasio, said in a statement.
 TRENDING STORIES 

	Difference between SGD and ETF
 

	20 trains, six flights delayed due to low visibility, f .
.
.

 

	How to manage cholesterol
 

	SBI hikes MCLR by 10 bps; concessions on home loan rate .
.
.

      Thrasio aggregates brands on internet marketplaces to build synergies and achieve scale.
 Its successful business model has led to a number of copycat business models raising significant funding from venture capital firms in India.
    Globally, Thrasio has acquired more than 200 brands globally having raised over $3.
4 billion in funding, the company said.
 “India is a unique market with hundreds of thousands of motivated entrepreneurs," continued Cashman.
 “We are thrilled to provide brand owners with the opportunity to successfully sell their businesses as well as to give consumers greater access to quality products," Cushman said.
    Lifelong Online is backed by Tanglin Venture Partners and the Hero Group's Hero Enterprise Investment Office -- both investors will continue to own a stake in the business.
    Tanglin Venture Partners, an early-stage technology-focused venture capital firm, was the first institutional investor in Lifelong Online.
 Run by a team of ex-Tiger Global and ex-Flipkart leaders, Tanglin invests across sectors including SaaS, fintech, B2B commerce, consumer tech, health tech, and more and has a portfolio of more than 20 companies across India and SE Asia, the statement said.
    Hero Enterprise Investment Office actively invests in innovation-led growth-stage companies in sectors including financial services, healthcare, omni-channel consumer businesses and new-age technology ventures.
 MINT PREMIUM 
Mint Explainer: After covid, the unfolding of an unfair .
.
.

 
Pakistan is teetering on the verge of bankruptcy
 
Japanese chip companies eye India for  investment
 
Govt plans new trade body to push exports
      “We are building a technology-first, next-generation consumer goods company," Bharat Kalia, CEO of Lifelong Online said.
 “Thrasio’s acquisition expertise and the strength of our platform across ecommerce, D2C, Amazon, and Flipkart are a perfect match.
 We are already in active discussions with a number of sellers .
.
.
 with lucrative exit options for founders, we hope to encourage even more brands and sellers to join the D2C ecosystem in India," Kalia said.
 Ranjani Raghavan Recommended For You Trending Stocks Select your Category Your Message No Network Server Issue Internet Not Available Wait for it… Log in to our website to save your bookmarks.
 It'll just take a moment.
  You are just one step away from creating your watchlist! Wait for it… Oops! Looks like you have exceeded the limit to bookmark the image.
 Remove some to bookmark this image.
 Your session has expired, please login again.
 Congratulations! You are now subscribed to our newsletters.
 In case you can’t find any email from our side, please check the spam folder.
  Login to enjoy exclusive benefits! × Subscribe to continue This is a subscriber only feature Subscribe Now to get daily updates on WhatsApp