https://tearsheet.co/funding/every-e-commerce-platform-will-become-a-fintech-amazon-aggregator-thrasio-acquires-capital-as-a-service-startup-yardline/
‘Every e-commerce platform will become a fintech’: Amazon aggregator Thrasio acquires capital-as-a-service startup Yardline | Email a Friend Thrasio, the largest Amazon aggregator in the world, recently acquired Yardline, a capital-as-a-service (CaaS) fintech that provides growth capital and business optimization tools to e-commerce sellers on online shopping platforms such as Amazon, Etsy, Shopify, and eBay.
 Thrasio provided the initial funding for Yardline when it was founded in November 2020, and has remained actively involved in its growth since then.
 The acquisition will make Yardline a wholly-owned subsidiary of Thrasio.
 Yardline’s CaaS platform provides access to non-dilutive growth capital of up to $1 million in as early as one business day to help e-commerce sellers improve operations, cover cash flow dips, and grow their presence across online marketplaces.
   Thrasio, the largest Amazon aggregator in the world, recently acquired Yardline, a capital-as-a-service (CaaS) fintech that provides growth capital and business optimization tools to e-commerce sellers on online shopping platforms such as Amazon, Etsy, Shopify, and eBay.
 Thrasio provided the initial funding for Yardline when it was founded in November 2020, and has remained actively involved in its growth since then.
 The acquisition will make Yardline a wholly-owned subsidiary of Thrasio.
   Yardline’s CaaS platform provides access to non-dilutive growth capital of up to $1 million in as early as one business day to help e-commerce sellers improve operations, cover cash flow dips, and grow their presence across online marketplaces.
   Since it was founded in 2018, Thrasio has evaluated around 6000 businesses and acquired over 125 brands, making it the largest acquirer of third-party Amazon FBA brands and one of the top 25 sellers on Amazon.
 Thrasio’s resources and global reach will enable Yardline to expand the scope of its services and tap into new marketplaces.
   Carlos Cashman, co-founder and co-CEO of Thrasio, says Yardline will be an asset in creating more opportunities for e-commerce entrepreneurs and offering more sophisticated avenues for their growth.
  This content is available exclusively to Tearsheet Outlier members.
  Missing out? Subscribe today and you’ll receive unlimited access to all Tearsheet content, original research, exclusive webinars and events, member-only newsletters from Tearsheet editors and reporters and much more.
 Join Outlier now — only $49/mo.
 Already an Outlier member?  Sign in to your account 
                                        0 comments on “‘Every e-commerce platform will become a fintech’: Amazon aggregator Thrasio acquires capital-as-a-service startup Yardline”                                 You must be logged in the post a comment.
 Outlier OpinionsMakers BankChain Briefing: As crypto cools, VCs get back in the drivers seat | Embedded Briefing: Mapping the largest credit card-as-a-service providers | Green Finance Briefing: Green bonds exceeded fossil fuel financing for the first time in 2022 | Payments Briefing: Looking back at our top stories of 2022 | Lending Briefing: Extend puts its foot on the gas as others retreat in the downturn |