https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/roll-up-businesses-built-thrasio-model-thrive-survive-sanjay-mehta?trk=pulse-article_more-articles_related-content-card
Acquisitions are one of the most powerful tools available to companies for achieving growth and building long-term value.
 Acquisitions also have the elements of a zero-sum game.
  The bullish sentiments of venture funds in the space roll up business model feels very much like a bubble in the market.
 These emerging startups themselves have yet to prove that the strategy to acquire, integrate and consolidate these equally young D2C brands works.
 The numbers and assets that look good on paper may not be the real winning factors once the deal is through and execution begins.
 Thrasio's business model is fairly straightforward.
 They find and buy category-leading consumer product small businesses that operate on Amazon's platform.
 After acquiring the firms, they integrate them into their systems and marketing programs.
 This makes the individual firms more efficient and provides Thrasio with economies of scale.
 The process is fast, and it gives within a few weeks the option for Amazon sellers to exit their business.
 Currently, Thrasio operates on Amazon’s platform in the U.
S.
 as well as Japan and Europe.
 It plans to expand to India.
 It certainly makes sense that the business is named after the ancient Greek word thrasos, the concept of audacity and boldness.
 We have seen multiple clones of Thrasio getting funded for the Indian market.
 Thrasio Culture as mentioned on their website  According to most studies, between 70 and 90 per cent of acquisitions fail.
 So many acquisitions fall short of expectations.
 5 reasons why typically acquisitions have failed for corporations and the same applies to these companies trying to acquire and merge online brand businesses.
 The success of these roll-up ventures will depend on  factors The success or failure of an acquisition lies in the nuts and bolts of integration.
 Thinking should be beyond 1000 days and how the brand will play out once rolled up.
 There would be deals that might improve current operations and those that could dramatically transform the roll-up business exponential growth prospects.
  Time will tell us if the roll-up model is here to survive and thrive or a debacle in making.
  About 100X.
VC About 100X.
VC We fund exceptional Indian founders.
 100X.
VC is the first VC to invest in early-stage startups using India SAFE Notes.
 After investing in a startup, 100X.
VC effectively becomes their coach, strategy consultant, business mentor, and trusted advisor.
 We work closely with founders helping them get to the next round of funding and beyond.
 Class 07 applications open.
 Please apply on pitch@100x    
            
        100X News & Views
      
           
              
        26,881 followers
      
             
True, Founder is the key element in all d2c businesses !! Without the founder, the brand identity may get diluted.
 Time will tell !!
 True, Founder is the key element in all d2c businesses !! Without the founder, the brand identity may get diluted.
 Time will tell !! 
        Sign in to like this comment
       
        Sign in to reply to this comment
       
Great inputs Sanjay Mehta sir
 Great inputs Sanjay Mehta sir 
        Sign in to like this comment
       
        Sign in to reply to this comment
       
As per my understanding brands like Thrasio , SellerX Berlin Brands Group Perch they have one of best team’s available with them to scale up FBA business, this is a proven model globally and they are acquiring brands every day, they are fueling Capital, experience and Analytics to give wings to these sellers it’s already a lean model, from my point they will Thrive and fly, I think brand Mensa and GOAT labs have already becoming a unicorn 🦄
 As per my understanding brands like Thrasio , SellerX Berlin Brands Group Perch they have one of best team’s available with them to scale up FBA business, this is a proven model globally and they are acquiring brands every day, they are fueling Capital, experience and Analytics to give wings to these sellers it’s already a lean model, from my point they will Thrive and fly, I think brand Mensa and GOAT labs have already becoming a unicorn 🦄 
        Sign in to like this comment
       
        Sign in to reply to this comment
       

        To view or add a comment, sign in
      
      To view or add a comment, sign in
 
        To view or add a comment, sign in
       
          Others also viewed
         
          Explore topics
        