https://yourstory.com/2022/01/funding-alert-thrasio-india-lifelong-online-tanglin-ventures-hero-group
Menu Download YourStory App : [Funding alert] Thrasio enters India with Rs 3,750 crore; buys appliance brand Lifelong  By Payal GangulyJanuary 14, 2022, Updated on : Fri Jan 14 2022 15:49:07 GMT+0000  January 14, 2022, Updated on : Fri Jan 14 2022 15:49:07 GMT+0000  Share on Share on Share on Greater Boston, US-headquartered Thrasio, has announced its first acquisition in India with Gurugram-based consumer appliances brand, ﻿Lifelong Online﻿.
 This marks the entry of the storied e-commerce roll-up company in the Indian markets.
 Thrasio ﻿Lifelong Online﻿ Lifelong Online  As part of the investment, Thrasio will become the majority shareholder in Lifelong Online’s business.
 Early investors, ﻿Tanglin Venture Partners﻿and the ﻿Hero Group﻿continue to remain invested in the brand, the company confirmed to Yourstory.
 Lifelong declined to comment on the goal-based investment model of Thrasio or targets which it will depend on.
 majority shareholder ﻿Tanglin Venture Partners﻿ Tanglin Venture Partners ﻿Hero Group﻿ Hero Group Yourstory  Lifelong Online was founded in 2015 by former Bain & Company executives, Bharat Kalia, Varun Grovar and Atul Raheja.
 The company clocked monthly revenues of Rs 40 crore in peak months, it told Yourstory in a previous interview.
 Yourstory The company will rebrand to “Lifelong, a Thrasio company” going ahead.
   Thrasio has also committed to investing Rs 3,750 crore to acquire promising, digital-first brands in India over a period of a few years, said the company.
 Thrasio did not specify the number of brands or the time period.
 Rs 3,750 crore to acquire promising, digital-first brands in India over a period of a few years Globally, Thrasio has acquired more than 200 brands and has raised over $3.
4 billion in funding from the likes of Silver Lake and Advent International at a valuation of over $5 billion.
 The company acquires digital-first brands, providing them with data science, logistics, marketing, and other expertise to scale them globally.
  200 brands and has raised over $3.
4 billion in funding Silver Lake and Advent International ALSO READ  The Thrasio model has also spurred multiple e-commerce roll-up companies in India, including the fastest unicorn of 2021, Mensa Brands as well as a recent addition to the unicorn club, GlobalBees.
  Edited by Affirunisa Kankudti Share on Share on Share on Trending Now Koo posts Rs 4.
88 Cr revenue, losses widen to Rs 197.
15 Cr This savings app helps users plan for their next jewellery purchase Treat yourself to Lohri feasts WorkIndia raises $12M in a pre-Series B round led by SBI Holdings, founding family of Nintendo and others Latest Treat yourself to Lohri feasts MFIs to play leading role in India's economic growth: Study CCI ruling against Google a step towards next phase of digital revolution: Indus OS Design in a ‘connected-hyper-knowledge-society’: Bengaluru Design Festival insights from Alok Nandi of Architempo Data, AI, impact: test your business creativity with Edition 68 of our quiz! The many secrets of Sariska Tiger Reserve