https://forgeglobal.com/thrasio_ipo/
Thrasio IPO thras.
io Consumer & Lifestyle Thrasio Holdings was founded in 2018 by Carlos Cashman and Joshua Silberstein.
 The company has remained vague about its plans regarding an IPO, however in October 2021 the company called off its plans to go public through a SPAC merger.
 When asked if the company was considering an IPO or would be trying another SPAC, president Daniel Boockvar said that "all options are available to us.
" These comments should not be interpreted to mean that the company is formally pursuing or foregoing an IPO.
 Thrasio Holdings acquires and scales Amazon third-party marketplace vendors.
 The company is among the largest of a growing number of "Amazon aggregators" that have raised more than $10 billion in combined funding.
 Thrasio alone has raised $3.
4 billion in venture capital funding from investors including Silver Lake Partners, Advent International Corporation, Upper90, Oaktree Capital Management, Peak6 Markets, and Corner Capital.
 After a $1 billion equity round in October 2021, the company did not disclose a specific valuation, but stated that it was between $5 billion and $10 billion.
 Register for Details For more details on financing and valuation for Thrasio, register or login.
 By registering, you agree to Forge’s Terms of Use.
 Already registered? Log in What is Thrasio's ticker symbol? Thrasio does not currently have an official ticker symbol because this company is still private.
 Register today to connect with our Private Market Specialists and learn more about new pre-IPO investment opportunities.
 What is Thrasio's stock price? The stock price for Thrasio will be known as it becomes public.
 Here are similar public companies: Amazon (NAS: AMZN), Walmart (NYS: WMT), Nike (NYS: NKE), Apple (NAS: AAPL), Facebook (NAS: META).
 Who are Thrasio's major investors? Thrasio Funding Rounds and IPO Valuation Learn more about Thrasio What is Thrasio funding to date? When was Thrasio founded? Can you invest in Thrasio? Can you sell Thrasio share pre-IPO? If you own Thrasio pre-IPO shares and are considering selling, you can find what your shares could be worth on Forge’s secondary marketplace.
Our Private Market Specialists are available to answer any questions you might have and can help connect you with a buyer from our network of 125,000 accredited investors and institutions.
 You can also learn more about how to sell your private shares before getting started.
 Our Private Market Specialists are available to answer any questions you might have and can help connect you with a buyer from our network of 125,000 accredited investors and institutions.
 You can also learn more about how to sell your private shares before getting started.
 Is Thrasio a publicly traded company? Thrasio is a private company and not publicly traded.
 If you are interested in buying or selling private company shares, you can register with Forge today for free to explore your options.
 Registering gives you access to one of our Private Market Specialists who can guide you through the process of buying or selling.
 Learn more about how Forge might help you buy pre-IPO shares or sell pre-IPO shares.
 If you are interested in buying or selling private company shares, you can register with Forge today for free to explore your options.
 Registering gives you access to one of our Private Market Specialists who can guide you through the process of buying or selling.
 Learn more about how Forge might help you buy pre-IPO shares or sell pre-IPO shares.
 Where is Thrasio headquartered? Thrasio is headquartered in Walpole, Massachusetts.
 What is Thrasio’s mission? According to Thrasio’s website, its mission is to "reimagine how the world’s most loved products become accessible to everyone.
" What is Thrasio? Thrasio is a startup that discovers and buys top-rated and bestelling items on Amazon.
 Thrasio then up2018s these items and uses its expertise to increase sales.
 Thrasio operates more than 200 brands and has a portfolio of tens of thousands of products.
 Is Thrasio an Amazon company? Thrasio is not an Amazon company, it is an Amazon aggregator.
 Other companies like Thrasio in the Consumer & Lifestyle sector Trending Companies Frequently Asked Questions Register for Details For more details on financing and valuation for Thrasio, register or login.
 To read this article and more news on Thrasio, register or login.
 By registering, you agree to Forge’s Terms of Use.
 Already registered? Log in