https://www.cbinsights.com/company/thrasio
  Founded Year 2018 Stage Series D  | Alive Total Raised $3.
396B Valuation $0000   Last Raised $1B  | 1 yr ago Revenue $0000   About Thrasio Thrasio is a consumer goods company using a deep understanding of rankings, ratings, and reviews to identify and acquire quality brands and use expertise and data science to make their products better or create new ones to meet changing customer demand.
 Headquarters Location 85 West Street Suite 4 Walpole, Massachusetts, 02081,  United States  Thrasio's Product Videos Compete with Thrasio? Ensure that your company and products are accurately represented on our platform.
 Thrasio's Products & Differentiators  Angry Orange Angry Orange, a pet-odor eliminator spray, was a 4-year-old brand generating roughly $2 million in annual revenue when founder Adam St.
 George decided to exit the Amazon FBA game.
 This commercial-grade product was successful, but there was untapped potential.
 The only logical move was a comprehensive rebrand of the entire Angry Orange product line.
 As a result of Thrasio’s collective efforts, we increased the brand’s 12-month revenue from $2.
5M to $23.
1M.
 Research containing Thrasio Get data-driven expert analysis from the CB Insights Intelligence Unit.
 CB Insights Intelligence Analysts have mentioned Thrasio in  7 CB Insights research briefs, most recently on Apr 7, 2022.
  7 CB Insights research briefs Apr 7, 2022.
 Apr 7, 2022   Jan 24, 2022   Jul 19, 2021   Jun 1, 2021   May 7, 2021   Mar 23, 2021 report report Jan 12, 2021   Expert Collections containing Thrasio Expert Collections are analyst-curated lists that highlight the companies you need to know in the most important technology spaces.
 Thrasio is included in 2 Expert Collections, including E-Commerce.
 2 Expert Collections, E-Commerce E-Commerce 10,017 items  Unicorns- Billion Dollar Startups 1,205 items  Latest Thrasio News Dec 22, 2022 Assiduus, the world’s fastest-growing AI-powered cross-border E-commerce Accelerator dedicated to benefiting D2C brands launch, scale, and grow across global E-commerce marketplaces, raised USD15 million in a funding round led by Pulsar Capital with participation from 9Unicorn, Venture Catalyst, StrongHer VC, Carlos Cashman (Founder of Thrasio), Rajan Navani (JetLine Group of Companies) and others.
 The appropriated funding shall enhance the technological architecture and business expansion across international markets like Europe and South-East Asia.
 Somdutta Singh, Founder and CEO, Assiduus, said, “We are pleased to have received such a significant backing from such eminent funds, especially when Assiduus is driving the next frontier of digital commerce solutions.
 As a global e-commerce accelerator, we have cemented an enduring presence in the industry by empowering countless brands to scale their operations across the fast-evolving e-commerce multiverse.
 We look forward to becoming one of the biggest disruptors in the sector by innovating new solutions and exploring uncharted geographies.
”
“Assiduus has the opportunity of being a global leader in the cross border e-commerce accelerator space.
 In the next few years, the traditional bricks-and-mortar sales and distribution model will undergo a transformation and Assiduus is helping brands drive that disruption.
 The company is led by a phenomenal founder and has a business model which has been profitable from the first year of operations.
 We are very excited to support the company in its journey to be one of the few profitable unicorns globally.
” said Vish Narain, Managing Partner of Pulsar Capital – an investment firm with a founder friendly, operationally involved investment philosophy.
 “Assiduus is at the forefront of the global e-commerce transformation that is transpiring across industries.
 They’re smartly building their organization to allow them to serve customers and brands right from a maturing product seller to a multi-billion-dollar global enterprise.
 I feel excited and grateful to be part of this journey.
 “said, Carlos Cashman
“I’ve always been a strong believer in the power of technology to scale both the sale and experience of great e-commerce products.
 With Assiduus, this experience not only becomes seamless but super-efficient too.
 Also excited about the global growth opportunity as digital native consumers increase their life in the metaverse.
 “said, Rajan Navani, JetLine Group of Companies.
 Share this article: Thrasio Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) When was Thrasio founded? Thrasio was founded in 2018.
 Where is Thrasio's headquarters? Thrasio's headquarters is located at 85 West Street, Walpole.
 What is Thrasio's latest funding round? Thrasio's latest funding round is Series D.
 How much did Thrasio raise? Thrasio raised a total of $3.
396B.
 Who are the investors of Thrasio? Investors of Thrasio include Western Technology Investment, PEAK6 Investments, Oaktree Capital Management, RiverPark Ventures, Upper90 and 19 more.
 Who are Thrasio's competitors? Competitors of Thrasio include Valoreo, Razor, Una Brands, OpenStore, Wholesum, Boosted Commerce, Rainforest, 10club, factory14, Flummox and 32 more.
 What products does Thrasio offer? Thrasio's products include  Angry Orange and 1 more.
 Compare Thrasio to Competitors SellerX buys and builds Amazon businesses and aims to help entrepreneurs.
 Perch is a technology-driven commerce company that acquires and operates Amazon FBA businesses with winning products in their respective categories.
 Perch seeks high-quality products and brands that have a steady history of strong customer reviews, are consistently one of the top three products within their category, and have potential for expansion.
 101 Commerce endeavors to invest in and build 101 Amazon FBA brands and provide tech-based marketing and analytics tools to rapidly grow those business and maximize sales.
 Acquco is an institutionally-backed acquisition company based in New York City.
 Acquco is focused on third-party FBA sellers on Amazon.
 Una Brands operates as an acquirer and consolidator of small e-commerce brands in Asia.
 The company acquires brands that are selling on multiple platforms.
 It was founded in 2020 and is based in Singapore.
 Boosted Commerce is an acquisition company that focuses on third-party FBA sellers on Amazon.
 The company offers these business sellers a 45-day closing process built on a commitment to fair, market value offers and ethical, transparent negotiations.
 The company was founded in 2020 and is based in Beverly Hills, California.
 Discover the right solution for your team The CB Insights tech market intelligence platform analyzes millions of data points on vendors, products, partnerships, and patents to help your team find their next technology solution.
 CBI websites generally use certain cookies to enable better interactions with our sites and services.
 Use of these cookies, which may be stored on your device, permits us to improve and customize your experience.
 You can read more about your cookie choices at our privacy policy here.
 By continuing to use this site you are consenting to these choices.
 CBI websites generally use certain cookies to enable better interactions with  our sites and services.
 Use of these cookies, which may be stored on your device,  permits us to improve and customize your experience.
 You can read more about your  cookie choices at our privacy policy here.
 By continuing to use this  site you are consenting to these choices.
