https://www.chargedretail.co.uk/2022/01/14/amazon-aggregator-thrasio-targets-india-with-500-million-expansion/
Amazon aggregator Thrasio targets India with $500 million expansion One of Amazon’s leading aggregator of private companies has set aside $500 million for an expansion into one of the world’s fastest ecommerce markets: India.
 The Massachusetts-based startup has said it has acquired consumer goods brand Lifelong Online for an undisclosed value to help with the push.
 Lifelong Online’s product categories include kitchen, home, health care and lifestyle.
 Thrasio was one of the pandemic’s winners, capitalising on Amazon’s increased business as bricks-and-mortar retail closed its doors.
 The company, alongside others, started purchasing up small merchants that sold their goods on Amazon’s international marketplace with the ambition of turning them into global brands.
 READ MORE: Amazon “roll up” companies are raking in billions of investment According to figures from Marketplace Pulse, the Amazon marketplace generated $300 billion in sales in 2020, with shops selling everything from cooking appliances to toys.
 “In addition to acquiring and growing digital-first businesses, we plan to participate in the ‘make in India’ movement by transitioning the manufacturing for some of our products to the country,” Thrasio chief executive officer Carlos Cashman said in the statement.
 So far, Thrasio has acquired over 200 brands and raised over $3.
4 billion in capital and plans to continue expanding globally, with India firmly in its sights.
 Thrasio rivals with other aggregators, or ‘roll up’ companies including Mensa Brands, Global Bees Brands.
 Click here to sign up to Charged’s free daily email newsletter Click here to sign up to Charged’s free daily email newsletter Click here to sign up to Charged’s free daily email newsletter RELATED POSTS Google Cloud new AI solutions set to modernise online shopping Rent the Runway partners with Amazon for pre-loved designer collection InPost hails record high parcel volumes in Q4 Estée Lauder Companies launch AI app for visually-impaired users Getir softens stance on office work mandate Wickes ties up with BNPL giant Klarna Very enjoys sales uplift over Christmas period Asos “has mountain to climb” after poor Christmas period Lululemon advances RFID tech across stores Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published.
 Required fields are marked * Your email address will not be published.
 * Post Comment 

 Social Facebook Twitter LinkedIn RSS Email  SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Sign up to our daily newsletter to get all the latest retail tech news and insights direct to your inbox.
 * * Latest Feature h6 Evri rebrand: a success or “putting lipstick on a pig?” 13/01/2023  11:21 AM   Most Read This website uses cookies to improve your experience.
 By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
 Accept To find out more please read our privacy policy Read More Privacy & Cookies Policy Privacy Overview Always Enabled Non-necessary