https://blogs.lawyers.com/attorney/business-law/majmudar-partners-represents-thrasio-on-its-acquisition-of-lifelong-72278/
Majmudar & Partners represents Thrasio on its acquisition of Lifelong Majmudar & Partners represents Thrasio on its acquisition of Lifelong Majmudar & Partners represents Thrasio on its acquisition of Lifelong 
by

Akil Hirani

 by by 
Posted on January 21, 2022 in

Business Law, Contracts, Mergers, Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 Posted on January 21, 2022 
Business Law, Contracts, Mergers, Acquisitions and Divestitures  Majmudar & Partners represents Thrasio, a decacorn and the world’s foremost D2C company, on its acquisition of Lifelong.
 Majmudar & Partners represents Thrasio, a decacorn and the world’s foremost D2C company, on its acquisition of Lifelong.
 Majmudar & Partners (M&P) has acted for Thrasio Holdings, Inc.
 (Thrasio), a next generation, global consumer goods company, in a complex, high value acquisition of a significant majority stake in Lifelong Online Retail Private Limited (Lifelong), a leading Indian online consumer brand backed by Tanglin Venture Partners and the Hero Group.
 M&P assisted Thrasio on deal structuring, legal due diligence, document drafting, and negotiations with the exiting shareholders and other counterparties.
 The deal was run by Managing Partner, Akil Hirani, with able support from corporate partner, Amrit Mehta, tax partner, Ravi S.
 Raghavan, senior associate, Sinjini Majumdar, and associates, Swati Agrawal, Prerna Seerwani and Geetha Sajeev.
 Cooley LLP advised Thrasio Holdings, Inc.
 on the US law aspects of the acquisition.
 Majmudar & Partners (M&P) has acted for Thrasio Holdings, Inc.
 (Thrasio), a next generation, global consumer goods company, in a complex, high value acquisition of a significant majority stake in Lifelong Online Retail Private Limited (Lifelong), a leading Indian online consumer brand backed by Tanglin Venture Partners and the Hero Group.
 M&P assisted Thrasio on deal structuring, legal due diligence, document drafting, and negotiations with the exiting shareholders and other counterparties.
 The deal was run by Managing Partner, Akil Hirani, with able support from corporate partner, Amrit Mehta, tax partner, Ravi S.
 Raghavan, senior associate, Sinjini Majumdar, and associates, Swati Agrawal, Prerna Seerwani and Geetha Sajeev.
 Cooley LLP advised Thrasio Holdings, Inc.
 on the US law aspects of the acquisition.
 With this acquisition, Thrasio has made its entry into the Indian market and plans to invest approx.
 US$500 million in the future to acquire digital-first brands in India.
 With this acquisition, Thrasio has made its entry into the Indian market and plans to invest approx.
 US$500 million in the future to acquire digital-first brands in India.
 Rajaram Legal acted for Lifelong and its founders.
 Khaitan & Co.
 acted for Tanglin Venture Partners and AZB & Partners acted for the Hero Group.
 Rajaram Legal acted for Lifelong and its founders.
 Khaitan & Co.
 acted for Tanglin Venture Partners and AZB & Partners acted for the Hero Group.
 Akil Hirani Licensed since 1992 Licensed since 1992 
Member at firm Majmudar & Partners
 
Call+91 22 61237272
 
CallView Phone
 Akil Hirani Licensed since 1992 Licensed since 1992 Member at firm Majmudar & Partners Martindale-Hubbell® Client Review Ratings™ display reviews submitted by individuals who have either hired or consulted the lawyers or law firms.
 The Client Review Rating score is determined through the aggregation of validated responses.
 People who submit reviews are either individuals who consulted with the lawyer/law firm or who hired the lawyer/law firm and want to share their experience of that lawyer or law firm with other potential clients.
 Reviewers can be anyone who consults or hires a lawyer including in-house counsel, corporate executives, small business owners, and private individuals.
 Martindale-Hubbell validates that a reviewer is a person with a valid email address.
 As part of the review process, respondents must affirm that they have had an initial consultation, are currently a client or have been a client of the lawyer or law firm identified, although Martindale-Hubbell cannot confirm the lawyer/client relationship as it is often confidential.
 The content of the responses is entirely from reviewers.
 Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome and Martindale-Hubbell accepts no responsibility for the content or accuracy of any review.
 For more information on Martindale-Hubbell Client Review Ratings, please visit our Client Review Page Martindale-Hubbell® Peer Review Ratings™ are the gold standard in attorney ratings, and have been for more than a century.
 These ratings indicate attorneys who are widely respected by their peers for their ethical standards and legal expertise in a specific area of practice.
 The Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Ratings process is the gold standard due to its objectivity and comprehensiveness.
 Lawyers solicited for peer reviews include both those selected by the attorney being reviewed and lawyers independently selected by Martindale-Hubbell.
 All reviewers are verified as attorneys through Martindale-Hubbell’s extensive attorney database.
 Only attorneys practicing at least three years and receiving a sufficient number of reviews from non-affiliated attorneys are eligible to receive a Rating.
 What are the different Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Ratings?* What are the different Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Ratings? • AV Preeminent®: The highest peer rating standard.
 This rating signifies that a large number of the lawyer’s peers rank him or her at the highest level of professional excellence for their legal knowledge, communication skills and ethical standards.
 • AV Preeminent®:  • Distinguished: An excellent rating for a lawyer with some experience.
 This rating indicates the attorney is widely respected by their peers for high professional achievement and ethical standards.
 • Distinguished:  • Notable: This rating indicates that the lawyer has been recognized by a large number of their peers for strong ethical standards.
 • Notable:  Lawyers who have received peer reviews after 2009 will display more detailed information, including practice areas, summary ratings, detailed numeric ratings and written feedback (if available).
 Details for individual reviews received before 2009 are not displayed.
 Attorneys that receive reviews from their peers, but not a sufficient number to establish a Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Rating, will have those reviews display on our websites.
 For more information on Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Ratings™, please visit our Ratings Page on Martindale.
com and our Frequently Asked Questions