https://www.ecomcrew.com/thrasio-announces-layoff-and-new-ceo/
Leaked internal memos revealed that ecommerce aggregator pioneer Thrasio is set to lay off up to 20% of its staff and will appoint a new CEO amidst the sluggish growth in the ecommerce aggregator space which the company helped develop.
 Related Listening: E364: The Controversy Behind the FBA Rollup Strategy Related Listening: E364: The Controversy Behind the FBA Rollup Strategy Peaked Too Soon? As of writing, Thrasio is valued at somewhere between $5-10 billion, and it boasts more than 200 ecommerce acquisitions under its belt—it’s the biggest ecommerce aggregator thus far and has since itself become a top 5 seller on Amazon.
 It would seem that Thrasio’s torrid pace in acquisitions since its founding in 2018 came back to bite the company, with the memo saying that its “hypergrowth” made it hard to build the infrastructure to support such growth.
 



 TechCrunch reports that the company “made the decision to reduce the size of the Thrasio team.
” Thrasio has not confirmed exactly how many employees are going to be affected, although Business Insider puts the estimate at up to 20% of the company’s current staff.
 TechCrunch Business Insider The layoffs are a consequence of tough challenges that aggregators like Thrasio have faced in recent memory, including major supply chain disruptions, general inflation in retail goods, and, not in the least, the slow growth in the industry as the online retail market normalizes from the blistering pace during the pandemic.
 Also Read: Amazon FBA Aggregators & Rollups Also Read:  In the same breath, Thrasio announced that its current CEO and only remaining founder Carlos Cashman will be replaced by Greg Greeley, a long-time Amazon executive whose previous role had him running its Global Prime Program and who was most recently president at Airbnb.
 Greeley will step into his new role at Thrasio this August, while Cashman will remain on the board as a director.
 The Thrasio Model Ecommerce aggregators search for successful and potentially successful ecommerce brands (mostly on Amazon) and seek to acquire them whether totally or in part, as sometimes the original owner can be brought on as executive to make sure the small company’s vision is realized.
 This M&A model banks on the economies of scale brought about when multiple ecommerce brands are brought into the fold.
 Aggregators aim to scale their acquired brands by introducing things like their supply chain expertise, marketing and analytics, as well as technology and software capabilities.




 As of writing, the aggregator space was estimated to be an over-$10-billion industry, with Thrasio being among the largest Amazon aggregators in the space.
 Before this slowdown in growth, Thrasio had planned to go public to raise more capital for expansion.
 However, its SPAC deal was delayed and ultimately scrapped following a series of exits by top-level executives in 2021.
 Seller Beware This news comes as a cautionary tale not only to other ecommerce aggregators who are gobbling up small ecommerce brands at a very high rate, but also to ecommerce sellers eying a profitable exit by working with these rollups.
 It’s more important than ever to have clear priorities when selling your business to an aggregator, particularly in terms of your selling multiple and how the brand is going to be operated and scaled.
 Equally important is knowing when to work with an ecommerce business broker to make sure you won’t be leaving any money on the table and actually get your company’s worth.
  Amazon ecommerce May 5, 2022 0  2 minutes read  Justeen David Related Articles INFORM Consumers Act Requires Sellers to Disclose Identity and Address 2 weeks ago The Best Ecommerce Marketplaces to Sell Your Products Online 2 weeks ago How Amazon’s #1 Best Seller Scammers are Stealing Your Sales 3 weeks ago Amazon Sellers are Offering Fake Discounts, According to New Study November 24, 2022 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published.
 Required fields are marked * Your email address will not be published.
 Required fields are marked * * Comment *  * Name *  * Email *  * Website   Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
  

  Δ Search for: