https://www.businessoffashion.com/news/global-markets/indias-thrasio-clones-continue-to-attract-investment/
The Business of Fashion Agenda-setting intelligence, analysis and advice for the global fashion community.
 India’s Thrasio Clones Continue to Attract Investment 10Club raised $40 million in its seed round.
 10Club In a model made famous by US outfit, Thrasio, a bunch of Indian startups, including 10Club, Upscalio, and Mensa, are buying up and scaling digital brands with the aim of becoming the country’s online version of P&G or Unilever, KrAsia reports.
  Last month, direct to consumer focused investment firm Fireside Ventures co-led a $40 million round in 10Club, the largest seed round in India.
 10Club replicates Thrasio’s model of acquiring digital marketplace brands, giving them a make-over, ramping up marketing and optimising costs to create a profitable business.
  Three-year-old Thrasio has acquired over 100 third-party private-label businesses listed on Amazon and last year reached $500 million in revenues and made $100 million in profit.
 Thrasio’s pace of scale and profitability has inspired about eight to ten Indian startups to bring this model to the country.
 Aside from 10Club, other examples include Mensa Brands, GOAT Brand Labs, Powerhouse91, and Upscalio.
  Investors in India have pumped nearly $300 million in Thrasio’s India equivalents, local media Moneycontrol reported.
  Further Reading: Former Myntra CEO’s Mensa Brands Raises $50 Million in Series A Round The company is looking to build a house of consumer brands in India and has a similar model to that of US firm Thrasio, which acquires third-party brands that sell on Amazon and then attempts to supercharge their growth.
 Topics © 2022 The Business of Fashion.
 All rights reserved.
 For more information read our Terms & Conditions The BoF Podcast | Ukraine: How Creativity is Breaking Through the Darkness Julie Pelipas and Olya Kuryshchuk discuss the impact of the war in Ukraine and how creativity has endured and been a source of strength amid the destruction.
 The Best of BoF: Global Markets, Tumult and Opportunity From China to Senegal, 2022 was a year of tumult and opportunity in global markets far from fashion’s main capitals.
 One Fashion Manufacturer’s Guide to Building Global Supply Chain Resilience The CEO of Sri Lanka-based MAS Holdings, Suren Fernando, on how both brands and their suppliers can weather 2023′s challenges, while exploring different models like vertical integration, nearshoring or on-demand manufacturing.
 Capturing Fashion’s Growth Potential in the Middle East Brands will need to sharpen personalisation to remain attractive to the Middle East’s “increasingly assertive” shoppers, says the Dubai-based luxury group’s president in this State of Fashion 2023 interview.
 The Business of Fashion   About Us Contact Us Our Products