https://www.pymnts.com/news/partnerships-acquisitions/2021/thrasio-buys-saferest-wise-owl-outfitters-and-danjor-linens/

                            Thrasio Buys SafeRest, Wise Owl Outfitters and Danjor Linens             By PYMNTS  |  September 8, 2021  |  




 Thrasio, which is a consumer goods company working on omnichannel commerce, has made three new acquisitions, buying mattress protector company SafeRest, camping equipment company Wise Owl Outfitters and home bedding company Danjor Linens, according to a press release on Wednesday (Sept.
 8).
 Thrasio has been acquiring new and increasingly larger businesses.
 The company has doubled its average deal size and increased the pace of acquisitions.
 The new brands are expected to add over $90 million in sales within their first year, per the release.
 “We’re building a consumer goods company that is rooted in customer feedback and established quality,” said Carlos Cashman, co-founder and co-CEO of Thrasio.
 “We take beloved products, invest the resources to solidify their category leadership on Amazon, and then we increase their sales footprint through international expansion and other channels.
 When a brand comes into our portfolio, it gains immediate value from our proven flywheel to grow stronger and reach even more happy customers.
” The deals come as Amazon-style aggregators become more commonplace.
 Entrepreneurs have come to a crossroads of sorts, as operating an Amazon FBA business has become difficult, and successful products become magnets for rivalries.
 That makes the prospect of an acquisition appealing.
 Sellers should ensure that acquisitions would provide well for their companies and make sure they’re well positioned for the future, according to the release.
 Thrasio clarified that it selects companies for acquisition that have “excellent ratings across many reviews.
” Early in the year, Thrasio raised $750 million, with a trend toward money going to companies like it that frequently buy up Amazon third-party sellers.
 The deals have closely followed the Fulfillment by Amazon program, where Amazon stores a company’s products in an Amazon warehouse and then handles packing, shipping and customer service, the release stated.
 Read more: Thrasio Pulls In $750 Million To Continue Acquisitions Of Amazon Sellers Read more: The round in February was backed by mostly existing investors like Oaktree and Advent.
 Thrasio had raised $500 million in debt financing in January from J.
P.
 Morgan Chase and others.
 How Consumers Pay Online With Stored Credentials
Convenience drives some consumers to store their payment credentials with merchants, while security concerns give other customers pause.
 For “How We Pay Digitally: Stored Credentials Edition,” a collaboration with Amazon Web Services, PYMNTS surveyed 2,102 U.
S.
 consumers to analyze consumers’ dilemma and reveal how merchants can win over holdouts.
 

                        Recommended                    
 
                        Recommended                     See More In:                     Danjor Linens, ecommerce, M&A, News, Retail, SafeRest, shopping, Thrasio, What's Hot, Wise Owl Outfitters 
        Trending News
 
        Trending News 
        The Big Story
 
        The Big Story 
        Featured News
 
        Featured News Subscribe
 Subscribe
 Partner with PYMNTS
 Partner with PYMNTS
 We’re always on the lookout for opportunities to partner with innovators and disruptors.
 Learn More